Sunday 14th December 2025

Just received my Cerebus SandStone the other day.

Today filled it and gave it a try.

It's well constructed.

It's a 60kg bag, but I only put 50kg in so far, which still feels nice, even if not packed solid.

will add some pics

On first try out, Sunday 14th Dec 2025:

This is the start of my journey.
I didn't go all out today, as have an early start for work tomorrow.

Friday evenings may push things a bit more.
But will try and get a minimum through the week, even if very low volume and intensity at first.

Anyway today I managed.

Clean & Press: 1 rep (think could easily get more, but it's gonna be a progression, and taking it easy until maybe Friday)
Clean (or more like sandbag to chest version): 2 reps
Overhead Press: 2 reps
Sandbag to shoulder: 4 reps each side
Bearhug Carry: 10 metres
Shoulder Carry: 10 metres each side
Bearhug Squat: 4

will add some vids to newly created youtube channel

I'm thinking of a program where I may do like amrap in 20 mins for certain exercises, maybe 2 a day, could even do emom instead of amrap.
May train just 3 days a week.
 
I was thinking like Monday could 1 set amrap clean & press, then maybe emom, singles, doubles, whatever can manage at first and build up.
Maybe even do 10 min first and build up to 20 min.
Then was thinking of shoulder carry each side, first for amrap, then do the emom, maybe 10 min for one side, a short break then 10 min the other side.
Not sure I would do an emom with the carries though, maybe how many metres in 10 min

Then Wednesday Squats, the same amrap set, then 10-20 min emom.
Then a Overhead Press, amrap set, then maybe 10-20 min emom.

Friday - Shouldering, amrap, then emom 10-20 min, do all one side first, then slight rest before other side.
Then after short rest, bearhug carries, amrap, then 10-20 min emom.

This is probably going to be difficult to do at first, as have quite a physical job, and up at 4am.
I would do these after work, but don't want to fatigue myself too much through the week.
So may start at shorter emoms first and progress through weeks.
Maybe start at 5 min emoms and work up, but will see how i feel on the days.
Maybe could even change which workout I do on the Friday each week, so i can push different exercises different weeks.
But problem is, I am tired come Friday, but less worried of pushing it as have 2 days rest, but am more fatigued towards end of the week.
Maybe an idea to fit a Saturday morning in.
All this is ideas, and will see what happens when faced with the reality of the day.
